fix: zero arg textification and parsing fix (#150)
DataDog/substrait-explain: GRAMMAR.md

#### Syntax

`function_call := compound_name anchor? urn_anchor? "(" (expression ("," expression)*)? ")" (":" type)?`

`compound_name := identifier (":" identifier?)?`

#### Components

- `compound_name` - function name, optionally including a type-signature suffix (see below)
- `anchor` - optional anchor (e.g., `#10`)
- `urn_anchor` - optional URN anchor (e.g., `@1`)
- `expression` - as above
- `type` - optional output type

#### Function Name Resolution

A compound name is either *simple* (no colon, e.g. `add`) or *full* (has a colon, e.g. `add:i64_i64` or `count:`). These resolve differently:

- **Simple** (`add`): matches any registered function whose base name is `add`, regardless of type signature. Succeeds only if the base name is unambiguous (exactly one registered function has that base name).
- **Full** (`add:i64_i64`, `count:`): exact match only — the written name must match the registered name exactly.

An `anchor` explicitly identifies which registered function is meant. When present:
- A simple name validates that the anchor's registered name shares the same base.
- A full name validates that the anchor's registered name matches exactly.

> The type signature and anchor are each optional, but either or both may be required to make the reference unambiguous.

Reviewer: The implementation separates 'full' and 'simple', and type signature and anchor, and treats one as part of the lookup and one as part of the validation, but from the _user_ perspective, it's simpler: the base is required; the signature and anchor are optional; but the lookup will match whatever is provided. For the user, there is no difference between "failed to validate" and "didn't match" - both return an error.

```suggestion
Within the plan, a function name has three parts: a `base` name (e.g. `abs`), a type signature (prefixed with a colon, e.g. `abs:i64`), and anchor (prefixed with `#`, e.g. `#4`).

Both type signature and anchor are separably optional if the reference is unambiguous; either or both may be required to make the reference unambiguous. A function name (base, signature if present, and anchor if present) must  to exactly one function named in the `Extensions` section.

Where unambiguous, signature and anchor may both be left off (`abs($0)`), used separately (e.g. `abs:i64($0)`, `abs$4($0)`), or together for completeness (`abs:i64#4($0)`).
```

#### Examples

```text
add($0, $1)              // Simple: resolves if "add" is unambiguous
add:i64_i64($0, $1)      // Full: resolves only if "add:i64_i64" is registered
add#1($0, $1)            // Anchor: resolves anchor 1, validates base name "add"
add:i64_i64#1($0, $1)    // Anchor + full name: exact consistency check
count()                  // Simple: resolves if "count" base name is unambiguous

> count:()                 // Full: resolves only if "count:" is registered exactly

Reviewer: As above - let's put signature and anchor in similar terms here, and describe the behavior as matching exactly once. Also, instead of using "full" to mean "base name plus signature", I think the word "signature" is clearer, and use "full" to mean base + signature + anchor.

```suggestion
// Simple: resolves if there is exactly one function named `add`
add($0, $1)
// Signature: resolves only if exactly one function named `add` is registered,
// with signature `:i64_i64`
add:i64_i64($0, $1)
// Anchor: resolves if anchor 1 exists with base name `add`
add#1($0, $1)            
// Anchor + full name: resolves if anchor 1 exists with name `add` and 
// signature `i64_i64`
add:i64_i64#1($0, $1)
// Simple: resolves if there is exactly one function named `count`
count()
// Signature: resolves if "count:" is registered exactly once with
// signature "" (zero arguments)
count:()
```
